Background

My name is Paolo and I'm currently a Software Development Engineer at 
Amazon. I've been here for around a year now, considering both 
full-time and an internship, and I am currently a part of the Amazon 
Freight team. This team is basically on the transporation side of the 
company where we essentially provide shipping services for large 
freights and small/medium businesses. So throughout my time here, 
I've shipped multiple projects with the team, working on both the 
backend and the frontend of our services. As for languages, I've 
primarily been working in Java. Other notable experience I have is a 
couple of software engineering internships at Microsoft down in 
Redmond, Washington. There, I was on the Visual Studio team working 
on implementing features for the Visual Studio product. There, I 
primarily used C++. So I'd say my main programming languages I'm most 
familiar with are Java and C++. And yeah that's me, in summary I'm 
currently working full-time for Amazon, I have a total of two years 
of software engineering internship experience, and I graduated in 
Engineering from the University of Waterloo.

Interests

So I'm primarily just looking to try something new. Like I mentioned, 
until now I've been able to ship a few projects on my own, and I've 
learned a lot of valuable things. But I'm really looking to just try 
something brand new and interesting. So I've been interested in 
trying to get opportunities in fintech and financial technology 
space, because I've never really explored that area before. Then I 
came across Plaid and thought it'd be cool to see what it's all about.
